-READ THIS CHANGELOG: THIS IS NO LONGER JUST A MODPACK NOR CAN IT BE TREATED AS JUST A NEW VERSION.
DOWNLOAD IT STANDALONE AND PLAY IT LIKE ITS OWN THING.
WE'RE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MISTAKES YOU MAY COMMIT MOVING YOUR OLD MODS INTO IT IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING/HAVEN'T DONE RESEARCH ON HOW TO DO IT PROPERLY.

-Unlockables implemented as the first main attraction of v7!
Will you be able to unlock every single character in the roster before anyone else? F8 as a "unlock everything" method has been removed. (And no, you cannot add your own unlocks, unlocks are hardcoded and not externalized).

-Sticker gacha game implemented as the second main attraction of v7!
Play the game to gain CBucks which you can use to roll to acquire stickers for your album. Will you be able to collect them all?

-Challenge mode implemented as the third main attraction of v7!
Race your way to the goal in many stages, defeat many bosses both old and new, partake in set fights with wildly different gimmicks, and even play in brand new adventure maps in this new gamemode!

-Music Room is here!
In it, you can listen to both character versus themes as well as stage themes alike at your leisure.

-Brand new main menu and options menu!

-A complete revamp of the folder systems of the game;
new dats folder, secret.txt is now fighters.txt and only contains the fighters's bin names, data of the fighters is now contained in their dats instead of in the fighters.txt, secretstage.txt is now stages.txt, secretform.txt is now alts.txt, new palettes folder instead of cluttering the fighter folder, new assist and pokeball folder, there is only one css.txt file now (since we don't have an use for the cssfull file anymore).

-Many, many new pixelarts made by our dedicated artists for characters that didn't have them up until now.

-A dedicated assist keybind so you no longer have to use taunt+grab to summon them (doesnt work online), as well as a sizeable amount of new assists.

-A new assist menu for the character select screen.

-Custom Items can now be made!

-Ultimate Portraits and GFX have been undone due to the immense hassle it is to produce them for all 250+ fighters and their respective palettes (more than 1000 gfx needed to be made and it was just not sustainable)

-Palette names for the characters now show up over their bust in the character select screen.

-Characters with Arcade mode Routes now show up with a golden frame around their mug icon in the Arcade mode CSS screen.

-Many new custom character making features for mod creators have been added! This refers to new things you can add for your char in the init.txt file, like new voicelines (broken_voice, hit_voice1 and hit_voice2, jump_voice/mid_jump_voice), sprites (launched_sprite, sleep_sprite) and other features better detailed in the cmc-dev-notes channel of the Vanilla Crusade Discord Server's CMC section.

-A new function called execute_on_hit has been implemented to run a snippet of code of your desire upon hitting with a hitbox or projectile.

-A lot of characters have received AI buffs and balance patches to make them more fun, as well as competent or challenging to fight against.

-Fixed stage ledges

-Revised many, many characters that had wrong sprite_ends in their init, causing countless memory leak issues upon prolonged gameplay.

-Fixed countless bugs and bothers that plagued previous CMC versions

NEW/RETURNING CHARACTERS (that already were released):
Asagi (returning)
Renamon (returning)
Riolu (returning)
Kratos Aurion (returning)
Cirno (returning)
Sonder (returning)
Naruto (returning)
Akiha Vermillion (returning, unselectable)
Reisen (returning, unselectable)
Sakuya Izayoi (COMPLETELY NEW)
Mumen Rider (AF build)
Numemon (AF build)
Imposter (AF build)
Chef Kawasaki (AF build)
Akatsuki
Mr Incredible
Aigis
Marumaro
Kyoko from OJ
Lady's Sorrel
Ash from RoA
Pleinair
Hat Kid
Daisy
Sion Eltnam Atlasia
Mech Hisui
Smol Nozomi
Suguri
Murasa Minamitsu
Volnutt
Richter
Hatsune Miku
Luna
Sayaka from Madoka
Agatha
Genos
Undyne
Ragna the Bloodedge
Vent/Aile
Heart Aino
Lloyd Irving
Ike (Fire Emblem)
And many (not joking) more exclusive ones that you'll have to discover on your own! You'll be very excited, promise.

CHARACTERS THAT HAVE RECEIVED A REVAMP/MAJOR POLISH:
Omega Zero
Yoko Littner
Mugetsu
Kirby
Yang (was remade with JUS sprites)
Weiss (was remade with JUS sprites)
Koopa
Shantae (revert to 0.9.2. version)
Goku (revert to 0.9.2. version)
Reimu (complete revamp)
Misako and Kyoko (framedata rework)
SC Joseph (framedata rework and filesize optimization)
Iris

REMOVED CHARACTERS:
Krystal (unselectable)
Marina (unselectable)
Shrek (unselectable)
Taiga (unselectable)
Train (unselectable)
Janitor
Finn & Jake

STAGES:
There's four pages (216 total stages) of amazing stuff now lol you'll probably find something to like in there.