Ok time for another long thing. Today Cless Alvein (Albane) goes under the magnifying glass. Cless is the protagonist of the action RPG Tales of Phantasia, the first game in the long-running series. From what I've seen, it has an interesting battle system where you actually input moves in battle instead of clicking through menus. Might check it out later. Enough about Tales. Let's move on to the analysis. Cless is a heavyweight swordfighter with pretty decent mobility. Many of his moves come out fairly quickly so they can be thrown out to threaten space in neutral with little commitment. His playstyle leans toward aggression, though he has a few tools to play passively. His biggest weaknesses are his average damage output, questionable disadvantage, and poor recovery. 

Specials

Neutral Special: Demon Fang (Majinken)
In the world of Tales, this is apparently one of the most iconic moves that many of the characters learn across the series. 3 of the Tales reps so far make use of this move, Presea and {REDACTED} being exceptions. Majinken is a projectile that travels across the ground in a similar fashion to Pikachu's Thunder Jolt. It deals 5 damage and comes out on frame 6, making it a decent choice for close quarters combat, oddly enough. Majinken pops the opponent up slightly, making it great for confirming into other moves. You can also use it after a jump to cover a greater area, as it doesn't fade out like Terry's POWAH WAVE. This move's slight stun also makes it great for keeping the opponent away in case you might want to do that. Since it travels on the ground, it forces a jump or platform retreat from the opponent, which synergizes well with your aerials. This is a great move you should definitely use quite frequently

Side Special: Sonic Thrust (SHINKU RETSUHA)
This move is the definition of medium-risk, high reward. Cless sticks his sword out imbuing it with the power of stealing stocks 50% before their time while screaming SHINKU RETSUHA
It comes out at the unbelievable frame 4 and does 12 damage with a lingering hitbox. If you get hit with this by the edge, you're probably dying. The move also has a neat expanding hitbox that coves ledge as well. Fun! However, SHINKU RETSUHA is very unsafe on shield so you can block it quite easily once you know when it's coming. The expanding hitbox has decent pushback, but it's not like you can't punish. SHINKU RETSUHA also has a good amount of endlag so it's a high-commitment option. However it confirms out of Majinken so you can use that to guarantee a hit. Also if you use this move offstage you SD end of story. Cless's recovery is not made for deep flashy edgeguards so stay on stage when you use this move please. 

Down Special: BULLSHIT (Hoohtenku) (Oh Phoenix)
I forgot what this shit was really called, but he sounds like he yells BULL, SHIT when he does it so I call it that. Cless leaps in the air before crashing down with a sword covered in flames. This move spikes when hit so it can be used as a spicy edgeguard if spaced correctly.  Since Cless jumps while using the move, he can high-profile some attacks, but at frame 20 don't try to intentionally use it for that purpose (you do begin to rise at frame 1 tho). BULLSHIT doesn't grab the ledge, so it's a situational recovery tool at best and actively killing yourself at worst (usually it's the latter) The move has a bit less landing lag than you think, so it's not a huge loss if you whiff on stage. However a screaming man possessing a flaming sword is hard to miss so your opponent probably already planned their counterattack by the time the move finishes. This move is for Twitch clips, basically

Up Special: OOGABOOGA (Tiger Blade)
40% you're gonna hear this right before someone dies, be it you or your opponent. Cless leaps in the air with a frame 6 horizontal slash dealing 9 damage. This move has extremely high base knockback so it's one of the main things to fear on triplats or low ceilings
Since you move diagonally while performing this move, it makes your recovery really linear and easy to read. This also makes it bad at hitting extremely short characters. Use this move on aerial opponents mainly. 

Normals

Jab: This move is frankly outclassed by most of Cless's kit. It comes out frame 7 for a measly 5 damage, combining tilt speed with jab damage. yahoo. It knocks the opponent a slight distance away similar to the jabs on most other disjoint fighters, so use it if you wanna play defensively, I guess. It's also ok for starting a techchase at mid-high percents. Use this move as a mixup.

Ftilt: This is a basic sword stab with a narrow hitbox, but good range. However it's 250% faster than jab, coming out at frame 3 and doing 9 damage in 7.2 (5 in older versions. This is the only move I changed so far). This move is more like a jab than Cless's actual jab since it comes out so fast. The tip has an unsafe sourspot that deals a whopping 2 damage so don't try using this move like most other swords. It has average knockback for a tilt, so it can also be used as a keepaway option if need be. The move has low endlag so it's rather spammable as well. If you're on the other end of this move, just shield. Cless will have to do something else.

Dtilt: Cless spins his sword in front of him for a multihitting attack with a large hitbox and average combo potential. Frame 4, 8 damage, actually safe on shield. This is an amazing move you definitely should use as much as possible. This move serves as literally all your tilts as one move. Be glad this move doesn't have a million easy-bake confirms out of it. 

Utilt: Cless swings his sword above him. This move has a weak hitbox in front of him (3 damage) and a stronger one above him (5 damage). Comes out frame 7. This is an aerial combo starter which can lead into uair or fair, move which I will talk about later. Since the move covers a large area, he can easily approach while dashing with this move.
Dash Attack: Cless does a running stab with a similar animation to ftilt. 8 damage. Frame 3. This move is great for burst mobility and techchasing because of the rather horizontal kb angle and long range. This move's range and speed really makes you feel that unga power as you spam it over and over. However it's hilariously unsafe on shield so just block once Cless dashes at you.Use your brain to fight the unga.

Smashes:

Fsmash (Sword Rain): Cless stabs in front of himself about 5 times. The flurry of hits ends in a powerful finishing blow . This move is frame 18 and does 18 damage if all the hits land. This move also propels you forward ever so slightly so it has deceptively long reach. Fsmash is the most fsmash fsmash to ever fsmash. It's slow, kills around 100%, and does high damage. Use it like you would any other ranged fsmash.
[6:48 PM] Nibba-Arc CHAOS: Usmash has Cless thrust diagonally upwards with some endlag. Coming out in 10 frames, the move rewards the user with 15 damage if landed early. After frame 16 the move is significantly weaker so don't use it to punish spotdodge. Like most of his moves, this one primarily hits in front of him, but it makes for a good anti-air option if need be

Dsmash (Beast) has Cless send out a lion's head to attack in front of him. Frame 18, 12 damage.You might as well just use fsmash unless you really like how this move looks. Its hitbox is larger, so that counts for something.
Throws: Cless has the standard set of throws most of Jio's characters have, I think. His grab range is generous which makes up for his moveset being fairly unsafe on shield. Fthrow, bthrow, and uthrow are nothing special. fthrow might be able to kill at late percents. Dthrow sends the opponent behind Cless in a downed state, setting up for techchases if you're fast enough
Aerials: Cless excels in the air. The air is usually where Cless does damage much of the time.

Nair: This multihit is rather inconsistent thanks to its fairly low hitstun. If your opponent doesn't fall out of it, you get 9 damage for your trouble and a light hit. At least the move is large and frame 6. Don't even think about dragdowns with this move because of how easy it is for the opponent to fall out of it.

Uair: Cless slices above him in a similar fashion to utilt. Frame 16 and 6 damage, but the knockback is extremely high. This is another reason not to be above Cless as you will likely die for it. The move is still fairly slow, so it's best used in conjunction with Tiger Blade to keep the opponent gessing.

Fair: A quick diagonal stab in front of Cless. The sweetspot does 5 damage and the sourspot 3. Disappointed? It's frame 3 with low knock back. This is one of your main aerial approach and combo tools. Its speed and range make it a dangerous proposition to get hit by and Cless can carry you across the stage with it. Truly an unga move. Use the weak hit to combo into things.

Bair:  Cless slashes viciously behind him for 12 damage. Frame 3 and has a generous hitbox. This is the main reason you don't want to be behind aerial Cless. It has the killpower of a weaker smash attack so it's excellent for edgeguards. This move is an incentive to not just hold forward. It also punishes crossup attempts

Dair: Cless stabs downward. This spikes weakly. Has the potential to start combos. Frame 7, 5 damage. It's yet another quick aerial.