Prince Duncan overview time? ... I once held the belief, that all fighters can do good things, even the not very good ones can put in work if you try hard enough .. Unfortunately, Duncan has proven me very wrong, there is nothing good about this "fighter" other than the fact that he was crafted incredibly faithfully to how he plays in his original game, which is to say, he is utterly useless.
Any fall from beyond his jump height will send him crashing to the floor/into the abyss, taking damage if he lands based on how far he fell and becoming stunned as if his shield was broken. He also has no double jump, simply acting as another way to trigger this crashing state. If you fastfall you won't crash as much since I assume it's based on how long you're in the air, especially useful when getting down from the respawn platform, which you will do all the time as this fighter
Furthermore, if he recieves any knockback at all, he will become stunned as if he crashed. This is a deathblow to any usability Duncan could have had, meaning every fighter in the game has super easy ways to infinitely combo him if he gets hit once!
He has awkwardly high friction, can't move around in the air, and is very lightweight too, as if all the above wasn't enough of a deterant.
Duncan has just 2 attacks as well, jab/tilts/dash attack will all make him swing a flail, this does respectable knockback and damage, but is rather slow and short ranged, it could be worse. (10%) 
Holding up/down will slowly raise/lower Duncan's arm, allowing him to aim his N-Sp/F-Sp/D-Sp to gently throw a gravity defying pebble at the enemy, dealing minor damage and knockback, too slow to be any good, but it's all you've got. (3%)
U-Sp has Duncan swing on a rope, allowing him to recover once in a blue moon when he's not busy being perma-stunned, it's terrible anyways, and you'll still crash if you fall from too high after.
Grab is pretty average, okay range and recovery time .. Pummel (2%) is a bit slower than average, D-throw (10%) can spike off-stage opponents, otherwise it's just for the damage .. F-throw (6%) has decent knockback and can kill at high %s, hooray .. B-throw (7%) has slightly worse knockback than F-throw, it's still okay though .. U-throw (7%) is mostly just for damage/positioning as it can't kill until high %s either, stick with the other throws
In summery: Duncannot do anything right.