CLACKER VOLLEY!!!

Joining CMC+V6 as a exclusive, meet Battle Tendency's own young Joseph Joestar, quite the headliner from the Jojo series. Known for his quick wit and trickiness more then his combat ability while still being capable in such, his choice of weaponry in combat very much changes on the fly from more conventional tools such as a Tommy gun or his fists to other things like toy crackers aggressively swatted about. In CMC+, the goal was to capture as much of this as possible without requiring lots of new sprites, and considering you're playing him now, its proper to assume you wish to understand such trickiness as well, fear not, for this text file holds the answers you seek.

Gimmick(s):As an adept Hamon user, Joseph sports the varied technique, which is visualized by the meter above his percent and stock count. This meter slowly builds up while hes not attacking and can be built up faster by performing and holding taunt without the downwards input. When he has enough Hamon, Joseph will automatically expend it when performing certain moves and enhance them, giving them more damage, different properties, and more. His hamon is forced to 1/4th its maximum charge.

A decent few of Joseph's attacks have variations or less then standard functions to them, said functions will be covered in the next section.

Dash Attack:Joseph takes out his Tommy gun and smacks the butt of it into the opponent's face, is affected by Hamon (makes the hitbox stun)
-Dtilt:A grounded slide kick that may be held to move forward while giving it additional endlag, on hit it may be canceled by inputting any direction.
-Ssmash:A simple forwards punch. Is affected by Hamon (extra damage/extra knockback/gains 1 hit of super armor)
-Dsmash:Joseph takes out a clacker and spins it as fast as he can, before turning around and doing it in his blind spot. Is affected by Hamon (extra damage/extra knockback), if special is held before the clacker begins spinning, Joseph will instead omit his turn and specifically face forward while doing an extended and more damaging barrage of strikes
-Nair:A downwards soft spiking headbutt that can be canceled on hit.
-Dair:A downwards punch that spikes and is decently powerful, when held before the punch comes out, Joseph will instead spin a clacker in his hand, turning the move into a fully controllable multihit perfect for landing with, is affected by Hamon (more damage, more knockback on the final hit).
-Neutral Special {This Means War!}:Joseph begins firing from his patented 1 episode Tommy Gun, of which said firing happens until the player releases special. The first 8 bullets will have hitstun from it, and the firing flashes themselves have a hitbox, but after the first 8 shots, any additional bullets will not flinch the opponent. Should the player input attack during the move, Joseph will dash forward with the gun, slamming it into the opponent and chucking them skyward. Is affected by Hamon (more damage, more hitstun).
Side Special {Hamon Overdrive/Clacker Volley}:When tapped while on the ground, Joseph will extend an arm forward, doing so through the practice of Hamon usage. Should this punch land, Joseph will then perform a barrage of punches forward, ending with a final launching strike. If performed by holding special instead, Joseph will instead chuck a clacker forward as it becomes a deadly buzzsaw should 1 not already be flying. Inputting special again will chuck a second one forward. If performed in the air, Joseph will simply chuck a single clacker forward. Is affected by Hamon (clackers return)
Up Special {Hamon Rebuff}:Joseph takes to the skies elbow-first. This in itself has a hitbox, but Joseph may press special again before the hitbox dies in order to perform a follow up attack. Is affected by Hamon (more damage, more knockback, gains 1 hit of super armor).
Down Special {Hamon Barrier}: Should Joseph have enough hamon, Joseph will briefly chucks forward Hamon supercharged hairs he got from... somewhere. This barrier will stay where it was summoned and destroy projectiles not from him until his Hamon runs out or he cancels the move.
Final Smash {Hamon-Infused Beatdown!}: Feeling good about his odds at this point, Joseph takes a kick forward. Should said kick land, the real fun begins when Joseph performs a barrage of attacks. What's unique about this final smash is that it has 5 forms dependent on pressing either attack or special at certain points 1 frame to 1 frame after the start of each individual attack which are visualized with brief afterimages behind Joseph alongside a brief sound of Hamon. The forms recreate moments or concepts in Joseph's life and are as follows...

Level 1 (No correct inputs): Joseph performs a weak punch forward as he stands there confused. 
Level 2 (1-2 correct inputs): The screen fades to black as Joseph performs a nasty trick of his own, and when visuals returns its revealed that the opponent... is covered in grenades!?!?!?
Level 3 (3-5 correct inputs): Joseph briefly remembers Stroheim before he shoots his opponent up in his memory. But wait, didn't he use his Tommy Gun well before he met the Nazi!?!?!?!?!
Level 4 (6-9 correct inputs): Joseph reminds himself of his teacher as he whips out a red artifact of his past, allowing it to take a shot at the opponet
Level 5 (10 correct inputs): Joseph's final attack and emotional trigger, connected to... well I'll let you find out should you get this far.

And this concludes the moveset overview, now you should know enough to be ready and able in testing him and traing your skill to become the best of the best at this character, good luck and make sure your opponent's next words are "Good Games"

And random note but his idle animation is randomized between 2 of them while on his entry screen, have fun