Fighter leaning to the lighter side of the spectrum, has a varied multitool kit perhaps mostly focused on spacing and juggling items she digs up with Down B. If used correctly, she can be a god at ledge-trapping.

Side Smash has her perform a Super Shield Burst forwards, covering considerable range and dealing multi-hit damage.
Down Smash has her perform two Super Shield Bursts, one on each side, covering even more ground in both directions but dealing less damage and knockback than Side Smash and having higher endlag to compensate. Highly punishable from above.

Down Air makes her stomp on the head of the opponent, propelling her upwards slightly upon hitting.
Back Air has her shooting a small burst of green energy, thrusting her the opposite direction. If done properly, she can gain tremendous ammounts of forward momentum due to this. Try it out in Race to the Finish!
Forward Air sends the opponent slightly downwards on hit, can be used to pressure.
Neutral Air and Airdodge look quite similar, this can be used to throw others off.

Dash Attack is a good tool to try and get the enemy offstage in order to begin setups.

Neutral B: Phantom Burst. Milla produces a medium-sized energy burst that deals little to no damage/knockback when the opponent's damage percentage is low, but if it's high the knockback is drastically increased.

Side B: Reflection Barrier. Reflects projectiles, doesn't work with physical attacks.

Up B: Puppy Float. Milla flutters upwards with her ears for a short period of time (requires you to hold the special attack button down). You can cancel out of it with her aerials, but you can't use it again until you touch the ground afterwards. Works better when you're not falling down, try to use it right after a doublejump or in combination with an upwards airdodge in order to maximize recovery.

Down B: Dig. This move only works in the ground (obviously); She begins digging in the ground looking for items. The item that comes out is randomized, but it's highly limited to low health-recovery items and non-abusable weapons. In combination with the rest of her toolkit, you can dominate the match by means of item-tossing to off-stage opponents and pressuring with her Side Smash/Down Smash for guaranteeing your distance. The script can be easily turned on her, however, due to her low weight and restricted recovery moves.

Final Smash: Alchemy Blast is a powered-up version of her Super Shield Burst moves, but instead of shooting a beam she instead shoots an enormous green energy fireball forwards. Relatively telegraphed, can be avoided by moving behind her before she can shoot it off, but can kill at as early as 40%.