#SPECIALS:
Neutral B: Overdrive
Switch between 3 Modes. Works similar to a Touhou Card Menu. Hold Left/Right to choose between the following Modes:

Passive (Blue):
- Slower movement speed
- Lower offense
- Lower defense
- Slower frame data
+ Increases Skill Gauge

Neutral (None) - Does nothing.

Aggressive (Red):
+ Faster movement speed
+ Higher offense
+ Higher defense
- Decreases Skill Gauge

Side B: Move 
Basic airdash

Up B: Catapult
Effect differs depending on if it's used in the air or not.
Ground - Spawns catapult that fires a rock at an arc. Hard to hit, but high stun.
Air - Launches Mistel at an arc.

Down B: Union
Summons a unit on the field. If DownB is pressed again while the unit is active, the unit attacks, causing high stun for setups.
While the unit is active, DownB can be pressed at any time, even while hurt or in another attack animation, leading to more interesting uses.
Unit can be damaged. If the Unit is destroyed, the move has cooldown.



#SKILL CARDS: Done by pressing Special + Attack at the same time when the SKill Gauge is full.
Neutral AB: Oblivious Dawn
Spawns a light in front of Mistel. Enemies in the light will be unable to use Specials or AB Moves.
Any attempt to do so will put them in a flinch state.

Side AB: Rockfall
Spawns falling rocks that fall at a diagonal angle. Good for edgeguarding.

Up AB: Refreshment
Mistel freezes in place and glows. Press either Attack/Special/Jump/Shield to equip Mistel with an item that changes her abilities.

(Attack) Clover Light:
+ If Mistel hits an opponent while in their attack animation, she deals double damage.
- Defense is greatly reduced.

(Special) Dragon Fang:
+ All physical attacks can armor break
+ Some of Mistel's moves have increased knockback growth (Kill Moves such as Bair, Fair, etc.)
+ Weight increased
- Mobility greatly reduced.

(Shield) Mowing Scythe:
+ Can act faster out of hurt animations
+ Can act out of broken state
- Offense is greatly reduced

(Jump) Mage Ring:
+ Meter automatically increases, even if not in Passive Mode. 
+ Stacks with Passive Mode's Meter Gain and cancels Aggressive Mode's Meter Drain.
- Weight greatly reduced.

Down AB: Mind Change
Summons a light in front of her. If the light hit's an opponent, she summons a unit behind her that follows her every move.
She can have up to 3 units following her. Heals all units if the attack succeeds while she has 3 units.